# Reasons-why-Transport-and-logistic-recruitment-agencies-are-important-
Here we will discuss about the importance of transport and logistics recruitment agency
Abstract:-
Transportation and Logistics are one of the most important industries. The movement and the management of goods and vehicles have made our life easier and more convenient. Logistics and Transportation are two highly significant aspects of transportation and distribution services, however, they are not the same. Transportation is the movement of commodities from the manufacturer to the end-user, whereas logistics is the management of goods incoming and outbound from the manufacturer to the end-user. 
There is a great need for manpower in this industry, as this industry is growing day today. The pandemic has caused a great loss for this industry. The companies and the candidates both are suffering. The perfect match between a candidate and a job is tough to find. In this case, the most helping hand is from Transport and logistic recruitment agencies.
Introduction:-
As the covid-19 has struck down a lot of employment in this sector has been affected. Over the last two years, the two waves have produced several issues, ranging from raw material procurement to delivery of the finished product to the consumer. The surge of jobs and candidates has increased equally. One positive outcome of the epidemic is that it has hastened technological adoption. The adoption of technology by transportation and warehousing will continue to accelerate at a rapid rate. Cloud-based solutions for the digitalization of the transportation process will be the focus of technology. All of the growth in transportation will be dispersed mostly among organized participants in the logistics industry, particularly tech-enabled organized firms.
To help the candidates and the company in this battle the transport and logistics recruitment agencies are working hand to hand. There are top recruiting agencies in the market that help the candidates to get settled in countries like the Middle East, Far East, and European countries. Not only for roadways but the transport and logistics recruitment agencies also recruit for airways and waterways. The recruitment agencies help the companies to get as much manpower. The moving of commodities from one site to another is referred to as transportation in the context of trade. It is regarded as a sub-unit of logistics. Products are delivered by land, air, or sea. The receipt, manufacture, and distribution of goods and commodities in the quantities demanded by customers to their final destination is a tough process that needs proper management, for which logistic job placement agencies can be of great help. 


•	Benefits of the recruiting agencies
The transport and logistic recruiting agencies help the candidates to make the search easier. They make the search in a precise way, they try to understand what the candidates want. On the other hand, the recruiting agencies tie-up with the best companies abroad. The logistic job placement agencies help the companies to get skilled, unskilled, and semi-skilled manpower as per the needs of the companies.
•	No-Gap Good Communication
The logistic job placement agencies tie-up with the best company and provides them with the best candidates from different parts of the world. They bridge the communication gap between the employer and the employee. They recruit candidates for the basic needs of the logistics till the fulfillment of the cycle of the transport and logistics. 
•	Experts help!
The transport and logistic recruitment agencies have their own experts who help in recruiting candidates. The experts sort the best resumes from hundreds and thousands of resumes. They take interviews in different rounds and then select the best one. The experts train the candidates and deploy them.
•	Manage the compensation package
It becomes always difficult for an employer and an employee to be on the same page when it comes to salary. The transport and Logistic recruitment agencies help to negotiate the salary and wages. The agencies recruit for the post like Drivers, Warehouse managers, Warehousemen, Transport Scheduler, Operations managers (Transport), Purchase Managers Logistics, etc. The salary of drivers ranges from 30,000 - to 40,000 per month. The salary of Warehouse managers ranges from 60,000- to 1 lakh per month. The salary depends on the experience and the skills of a candidate. 
•	Extensive Database:-
These companies have access to massive databases with millions of candidate profiles that they may use to fill any position. This database is used to find and hire people quickly.
Conclusion
While social attitudes change and contemporary science advances, the need to source and transfer things around the world will always exist. Technology cannot replace, and may even enrich, the transportation and logistics industry – all types of technology must be created and moved but this industry will always be crucial. In each and every possible way the transport and logistics recruitment agencies help the clients to get manpower. It helps the candidates as well to make their career and settle them well in countries like the Middle East, Far East, and Europe with a handsome salary. Collaboration with transportation and logistics recruitment companies, as a result, could be incredibly beneficial. They act as a trustworthy link between candidates and their client companies, offering both professional recruitment services to assist them to achieve their goals.
